h1. SassyFlash

Rails 3.0.x plugin that provides "sassy" flash messages. Base code are from Ryan Heath's "PrettyFlash":http://github.com/rpheath/pretty_flash.

SassyFlash gives you a default stylish sticky flash messages on top of your page and will fade out in matter of seconds.

h2. How to install...

<pre><code>$ rails plugin install git@github.com:jedssp/sassy_flash.git</code></pre>

h2. In the controller...

This plugin gives a couple of convenience methods for setting flash messages.

<pre><code>notice "Hooray! You did something good."
warning "Uhm, You're not allowed to do that yet."
error "Ooooops! Something went wrong."
alert "Errr. This is really wrong."</code></pre>

Passing <code>:notice => ‘This is a flash message’</code> or <code>alert: ‘Something went wrong’</code> (works only for Ruby 1.9.x) to the format call inside a <code>respond_to</code> block or the <code>flash[]</code> hash will work too.

h2. In the view...

Then all you have to do to display them is:

<pre><code><%= display_flash_messages %></code></pre>

Easy enough?

h2. Get Started

There's an assets folder with this plugin, that contains the images, CSS, and javascript. There's a rake task that installs this stuff where it needs to be (inside the public/ directory).

<pre><code>$ rake sassy_flash:install
</code></pre>

Also, there is an option to pass javascript library argument when running this rake task.

<pre><code>$ rake sassy_flash:install[dojo]
$ rake sassy_flash:install[jquery]
$ rake sassy_flash:install[mootools]
$ rake sassy_flash:install[prototype]</code></pre>
  
Right now, this plugin supports Dojo, jQuery, MooTools, and Prototype. All code are tested on "jsFiddle":http://jsfiddle.net/. If you're not fan of those javascripts, feel free to add a code similar to behavior of those files and ask for a pull request. ;-)

Those javascripts are only used to fade the flash messages after some seconds (defaults to 2.5 seconds).

Enjoy and have fun!

h2. Bugs & Suggestions

At "jsFiddle":http://jsfiddle.net/, prototype.sassyFlash.js doesn't work for Prototype 1.7 but it works for Prototype 1.6.x. I don't know if there is a problem with jsFiddle or not. If you are using Prototype in your application, please confirm if the code works or not.

Feel free to submit bug reports and code refactor.

h2. Credits

<small>[Collaborators of pretty_flash plugin]</small>
Alex Schorsch (alex@mygobble.com)
Martin Solli (martin.solli@budstikka.no)
Peter Haza (peter.haza@gmail.com)
rpheath (rpheath@gmail.com) <small>[Original Author]</small>

h2. Licensing

See LICENSE.